Compilation of Job Ads


JPMorgan
Research - Corporate & Investment Bank Markets Analyst Program – Internship:
 
If you are ambitious and looking to apply what you've learned to real-world financial experience, then this is the role for you. In ever-changing global markets you'll spend your time exploring the sophisticated financial solutions we deliver across asset classes. The skills you develop and the professional network you build will serve as a solid foundation for your career.

What You Can Expect:
Our global Markets teams are active in all major financial markets and develop sophisticated financial solutions to help clients manage risk, increase returns and solve complex financial problems. Globally, we hold leadership positions across all major financial markets. This approach means you'll be part of a dynamic team, helping to solve a range of challenging and interesting business issues and will be challenged in your work.

One of the world's most highly respected advisory franchises, J.P. Morgan Global Research provide thoughtful and differentiated fundamental analyses on sectors and companies, actionable ideas and thematic insights that empower our clients to make well-informed investment and strategic decisions, bringing clarity to complex situations. Research is fast-paced, demanding and intellectually stimulating.

Throughout the internship, whether a summer internship or off-cycle internship, you'll support senior colleagues with important research, analysis and preparatory work. You will monitor markets, develop trade ideas, conduct portfolio reviews, and learn about the solutions and products we offer for clients to manage any market conditions. Your work and contributions will be valuable to the team from the start.

Expert instructors and J.P. Morgan professionals will teach you about our history, the scale and scope of our organisation today and our ambitious plans for tomorrow. We'll teach you technical and practical skills that will help you hit the ground running.

The program is an opportunity to take your career to the next level through hands-on experience, relevant skills training and valuable professional networking. Based on your individual achievements, those who successfully complete the program may receive offers of full-time employment.
 
About You
A strong interest in global financial markets is essential, as are analytical and quantitative skills, flexibility, teamwork, excellent attention to detail, and the ability to handle pressure and enjoy a collaborative environment. A well-rounded academic background is important — a United Kingdom 2:1 Bachelor's degree (or equivalent) in your undergraduate studies is preferred. You certainly don't need a degree in Economics or Finance, but a good level of numeracy is required.

Additional requirements include:
- Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
- Confidence and initiative to take on responsibility and manage your own projects.

What's Next?
JPMorgan Chase is committed to creating an inclusive work environment that respects all people for their unique skills, backgrounds and professional experiences. We strive to hire qualified, diverse candidates, and we will provide reasonable accommodations for known disabilities.

Join Us
At JPMorgan Chase, we are creating positive change for the diverse communities we serve. We do this by championing your innovative ideas through a supportive culture that helps you every step of the way as you build your career. If you are passionate, curious and ready to make an impact, we are looking for you.












Moelis
2020 Summer Analyst, Investment Banking – London

About Moelis & Company:
Moelis & Company (NYSE:MC) is a leading global independent investment bank that provides innovative, unconflicted strategic advice to a diverse client base. We assist our clients in achieving their strategic goals by offering comprehensive, globally integrated financial advisory services across all major industry sectors. Our dynamic advisory practice supports clients through all phases of the business cycle through expert capabilities in M&A, Recapitalization & Restructuring, Capital Markets and Financial Institution Advisory. We serve our clients from 19 geographic locations in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Asia and Australia.

Overview:
As a Summer Analyst, you will begin the program as a generalist, giving you significant exposure to deal activity across industries in our key business areas. The generalist program allows for maximum optionality and opportunity as you embark on a career in investment banking. Our Firm’s culture is one of partnership, creativity, optimism and hard work. We are passionate about our business and our culture, and look to attract, retain and develop individuals who share that same drive.

Moelis & Company Summer Analysts are expected to assume significant levels of responsibility requiring intellectual curiosity, motivation and analytical aptitude. At our Firm you will not be defined by your job title, but by the contributions you make and the enthusiasm you bring to the work we do. The day-to-day responsibilities of a Summer Analyst include: financial analysis and modelling, company and industry research, preparing client presentations and interacting with senior bankers and clients. 

Moelis & Company Summer Analysts participate in a 10-week summer internship. All Summer Analysts have educational and social events to help establish a better understanding of both the industry and the Firm. Moelis & Company’s Summer Analysts participate in a one-week training program that includes financial modelling and valuation training.

Required Skills & Experience:
- Results driven and able to perform well under pressure and against tight deadlines
- Strong analytical and numerical skills that put you at ease with financial data.
- Proven team player who is able to effectively interact with a wide variety of internal groups and clients
- Strong multi-tasking skills
- Strong Microsoft Office suite (Excel a must) and financial reporting skills

Requirements:
-Education:
    * Minimum A-Level results of AAB (or equivalent)
    * Predicted a minimum of a 2.1 (or equivalent)
    * Any degree discipline
- Being fluent in an additional European language would be highly desirable
- The permanent right to work in the UK
	
Questions:
I am in the start of my professional career and Moelis is a great place learn and to start due to the wide variety of services provided to the diverse types of clients. Not only it is Moelis a good place to start my career, it values its employees based on the input they give and this is the kind of feedback that most incentives outperformance.





















NOMURA:
Global Market

Nomura overview:
Nomura is an Asia-headquartered financial services group with an integrated global network spanning over 30 countries. By ‘Connecting Markets East & West’, Nomura services the needs of individuals, institutions, corporates and governments through its three business divisions: Retail, Asset Management, and Wholesale (Global Markets and Investment Banking). Founded in 1925, the firm is built on a tradition of disciplined entrepreneurship, serving clients with creative solutions and considered thought leadership.

Global Markets overview:
Nomura’s Global Markets division handles client transactions for financial institutions, corporates, governments and investment funds around the world. We act as market makers, trading in fixed income and equity securities, including currencies, interest rates and credit in cash, derivatives and structured products. We have taken market-leading positions across the globe by leveraging the strength of our talent, client relationships and technology.

Programme overview:
Through our nine-week Internship Programme you will have the opportunity to experience first-hand the possibilities of a career in banking. It is your chance to get a feel for our culture, create new networks and gain valuable on-the-job training. Internships are also the perfect preparation for a subsequent full time role. Nomura will extend full time offers to strong performers.

Global Markets Summer Analysts are provided with the opportunity to rotate across Trading, Structuring, Sales and Research.

 
Training:
Summer Analysts will receive extensive training to enhance the skills that they need to perform well during their internship. The programme includes training in Financial Markets, Bloomberg, Excel, Conduct Risk and a variety of division specific activities. 

Throughout the Internship Programme you will be supported both by a buddy, mentor and dedicated programme management team.


What’s your role?
Sales: Developing and maintaining strong relationships with institutional clients, including pension funds, hedge funds, insurance companies and other corporate clients.

Trading: Assisting traders in buying and selling securities in the secondary market on behalf of clients or the firm; market making and capital commitment.

Structuring: Designing and developing innovative products and strategies for Nomura’s clients, in partnership with the trading function, to create a risk management strategy for structured transactions and, together with sales, to create a marketing strategy for our products.


What are we looking for?
At Nomura, our goal is to attract and develop exceptionally talented people who share our passion for individual excellence and our commitment to teamwork. We recruit graduates and interns with a high level of academic and extra-curricular achievement, who will be able to withstand the rigours of a rapidly changing, demanding but ultimately rewarding environment.

As an intern, you should be in your penultimate/final year at university and on track to achieve a 2:1 or equivalent.
Fluency in English is essential.

How to apply:
Please note that you can only submit one application per recruitment year (Sep 2020 – August 2021) and that all applications must be submitted online via: www.nomura.com/careers

To apply for a 2021 summer internship position, candidates should be available for full time employment in July 2021 or 2022. We accept applications for this programme from penultimate year students (Graduating 2022) and final year students graduating 2021.




Citi
Markets, Summer Analyst, London

Locations: London, England
Job Function: Markets and Securities Services
Employee Status: University Programs
Job ID: 80009147
Employee Status: emea

You're the brains behind our work:
You’re ready to bring your knowledge from the classroom to the boardroom, and Citi wants to help you get there. Whether it’s honing your skills or building your network, we know that success can’t come without growth. Our programs equip you with the knowledge and training you need to play a valuable role on your team, and establish a long-term career here. At Citi, we value internal mobility, and career growth is not a question of if, but when.

Citi is looking for summer analysts to join the Markets team in London. Markets at Citi provides world-class solutions that are as sophisticated and diverse as the needs of the corporates, institutions, governments and individual investors we serve in 160 countries and territories. We work on trading floors in over 80 countries, enriching client relationships around the clock. 

The breadth and depth of our underwriting, sales and trading, and distribution capabilities span asset classes and currencies, sectors and industries. And our expertise covers a vast array of products including equities, commodities, credit, futures and FX. If none of these terms make sense right now, that’s ok! Our internship is designed to help you increase your knowledge and support and training will be provided to help you excel.

Your time here will look something like this...
* Work with your peers to complete projects and pitch trade ideas
* Collect and analyze macro market and industry specific information to assist your team
* Build and utilize your network through work shadowing a variety of desks and asset classes across the trading floor
* Assist in preparing internal documentation and presentations for the team
* Be part of discussions with product heads across the business
* Spend time learning and building your knowledge on how to make prices, manage risk and execute trades across all asset classes

We provide you with the knowledge and skills you need to succeed:
We’re committed to teaching you the ropes. The 10 week summer analyst program starts in June and begins with a one week training program in London. You will then complete two rotations with different desks. After submitting an application you will be asked to select which area of Markets you are most interested in; Sales, Trading/Structuring, Research or Quantitative analysis.

We will use this information to help align you to the most appropriate recruitment process. If successful, your summer rotations will be decided by desk availability and your stated preference, but you will be encouraged to experience desks across Markets. Successful summer analysts will be considered for a full time position after graduation.

We want to hear from you if...
* Expected to achieve or have achieved a 2:1 (or equivalent) at undergraduate level in any degree discipline.
* You are in your penultimate/final year of university
* You achieved a minimum of 128 UCAS points from one of the following: 3 A-Levels* / 5 Scottish Highers** or 32 points for International Baccalaureate or 75% in your European Baccalaureate or equivalent
* Have an interest in the markets industry

Who we think will be a great fit...
As industries all over the globe continue to restructure and grow, we are hiring professionals who have a global perspective on the future of banking, and want to make an impact on the corporate level. We value diversity and so do you. We’ll also be looking for the following:
 
* Desire to develop a deep understanding of the industry & financial markets
* Intellectual curiosity and proactive approach to searching for new & creative ideas
* Commitment to personal growth and career development including mobility & flexibility. You also have a strong desire to learn, are proactive, building rapport and relationships in team environments
* Unquestioned commitment to integrity & ethical decision-making.
Applications close on the 15 November 2020. We will begin to review applications before the deadline & therefore encourage you to apply as soon as possible. Successful candidates will be offered a competitive salary. 

* Why Citi and this?
* Considering your own personal strengths, what experiences have you had that equip you for this program? *
* What do you do to keep your knowledge of business and finance current? What recent story in the business press has interested you most and why? *
BofA
APAC | Singapore | Global Research | Summer Analyst 2021

Our Business:
More than 700 professionals in our award-winning Global Research organization support our institutional sales and trading teams and their clients. Our Research Analysts add value to investor clients by providing insightful, objective and decisive research, designed to enable them to make informed investment decisions.

Equity Research: Provides institutional and retail clients with in-depth research analysis on more than 20 industries and conducts fundamental analysis on more than 3,000 companies in 50 countries.
Credit Research: Provides analysis of corporations' credit-worthiness and credit, cash and derivative markets and makes detailed, actionable investment recommendations to all types of institutional credit and credit derivative investors.

Overview:
Summer Analyst in the Asia Pacific region participate in a 9-10 week program which is designed to give you a unique opportunity to gain exposure to life in Research. The program begins with firm wide orientation, and continues throughout the internship with training, networking events and social activities. You will be given responsibilities early and will be expected to make a significant contribution to the team. As internships mirror full-time positions, they also include goal-setting and a formal review process as well as plenty of opportunity to interact and work with senior managers.

As a Summer Analyst within Research, you will:
Work closely with the team on various tasks including modeling/analysis, conducting primary research and attending internal/external client meetings.
Have some responsibilities which are conducted regularly (daily, weekly, etc.) while others will be longer-term projects that will continue over the internship period .

Summer Analyst are placed directly with a specific team throughout the internship.  Group placement is determined by considering business needs and the interests/skills of the Summer Analyst.  The groups span across country and industry, these include but not limited to (not all groups exist in all countries):

Country:
Hong Kong
Japan
Singapore

Industry:
Autos, Industrials, Shipbuilding, Energy, Metals and Mining, Semiconductor, Small caps ,Telecom, Media and Technology, Transportation, Utilities, Financial services, Internet, Entertainment and gaming, Healthcare, Macro and quantitative analysis.

Qualifications:
Penultimate year undergraduate/master student
On track to receive a GPA 3.5/4 or above (2.1 degree or above - UK system).
You do not need to have a background in finance or accounting to apply
Outstanding academic achievement which is complemented by other socioeconomic extracurricular activities

Required Skills and Abilities:
Strong quantitative, qualitative and analytical skills
Effective verbal and written communication
Comfortable with change and adjust to changing demands and requirements
A strong team player and client focused
Demonstrate energy and drive
Creative thinking and problem-solving skills
Demonstrates a keen interest in the business you are applying to
Fluency in English is essential, appropriate Asian language skills are also essential for some roles and countries

Desired Skills and Abilities:
Prior relevant internship experience advantageous
Financial services or equivalent background advantageous
Financial modeling skills and familiarity with building and maintaining information databases advantageous
 
Locations:
Hong Kong
Singapore
Tokyo
Mumbai


Barclays
Research Summer Analyst:

Our highly ranked Equity Research team specializes by industry and shares insightful sector knowledge, as well as valuation perspectives, with our Sales and Trading teams and clients. Work here and you’ll learn to react swiftly to market movements and provide quick but thorough analysis. You’ll also spend time thinking analytically and innovatively so you can report on economy-wide trends or generate powerful investment ideas. You could be working in Equity, Credit or Economics and Market Strategy Research, but whichever area you’re based in, your work will empower our clients as well as our business.

What to expect
It all starts with intensive training that equips you with the skills and knowledge to get involved in the incisive, responsive analysis behind ambitious business strategies. From there, you’ll begin applying an analytical approach within a specific team, building abilities across valuation, accounting and excel modelling. Put simply, expect real responsibility as part of our successful, well-regarded Research team.

How you’ll develop
As well as enjoying extensive exposure to our Research teams, you’ll take on live work and add real value. From day one, you’ll start building the know-how you need to get your internship off to a flying start, and you’ll always be able to count on support from senior in-house experts. Their advice and encouragement will strengthen your confidence and help you sharpen your skills. Performance coaching, social events, and taking part in projects outside of Research will also help you expand your network and develop.

Who thrives here
People from any educational background who are resourceful, analytical and team-oriented. You’ll enjoy financial modelling, as well as gathering, organising and presenting information. You’re someone who’s eager to identify current trends whilst also predicting the emerging trends of tomorrow. Finally, you’ll be a clear and succinct communicator with a keen eye for detail.


Sales and Trading Summer Analyst
It's where we develop and deliver customised products and solutions for large investors and financial institutions. It's a fast, fascinating and incredibly dynamic place to build a career - and you'll be part of a team that's key to the growth of our clients' businesses and our own. To do well over the nine weeks, you'll need a flair for relationships as well as a talent for analysis and numbers.

What to expect
Expect a steep learning curve and lots of growth. It all starts with intensive training that gives you an essential platform for gaining skills and knowledge. Then you’ll head to your desk, where you’ll get to grips with the intricacies of the global markets and follow a structured programme that includes project-based work.

How you'll develop
Throughout the summer, our support will help you perform at your best. In our team-driven environment, you’ll find that mentoring happens naturally and friendships are easily formed. Senior and junior mentors will guide your progress, with networking and social events providing a fully rounded experience. Halfway through, you’ll get constructive feedback on your performance. By the time the summer’s over, you’ll walk away with a solid understanding of our team, our culture and possible opportunities within it. If you perform very well and meet our hiring criteria, you could have a full-time role waiting for you after graduation.

Who thrives here
Resourceful, team-oriented people from any educational background who have an interest in global economics. You’ll need to be enthusiastic too, and have a keen eye for detail plus solid interpersonal skills. We’ll also look for an entrepreneurial spirit – often shown through extracurricular activities.

